---
hide_menu: false
title: Fields
---
# Form Fields

A form accepts a variety of fields.

### Text field

```yaml
type: text # required
label: "" # optional
initialValue: "" # optional
```

### Textarea field

```yaml
type: textarea # required
label: "" # optional
initialValue: "" # optional
```

### Date field

```yaml
type: date # required
label: "" # optional
initialValue: "" # optional
```

### Time field

```yaml
type: time # required
label: "" # optional
initialValue: "" # optional
```

### Number field

```yaml
type: number # required
label: "" # optional
initialValue: 0 # optional
```

### Slider field

```yaml
type: slider # required
label: "" # optional
initialValue: 0 # optional
```

### Toggle field

```yaml
type: slider # required
label: "" # optional
initialValue: false # optional
```

### Dropdown field

```yaml
type: dropdown # required
label: "" # optional
initialValue: "" # optional
options: # required
  key0: value0
  key1: value1
  key2: value2
```
